Provide more complete example of JSON object (#19)
denkungsart/castupload-doc: source/index.html.md

        "y": 0,
        "w": 500,
        "h": 500
      },
      "main_picture": true,
      "year": 2021,
      "recorded_at": "2020-06-22T11:51:51.363+02:00"
    },
    {
      "id": 141,
      "copyright": "",
      "created_at": "2021-06-21T16:18:47.460+02:00",
      "url": "https://static.castupload.com/production/5c5a1832-3ee4-495d-bfb0-03694dab0bd2.png",
      "versions": {
        "original": "https://static.castupload.com/production/5c5a1832-3ee4-495d-bfb0-03694dab0bd2.png",
        "large": "https://d205pfv3qf1itp.cloudfront.net/s3/castupload-com/production/5c5a1832-3ee4-495d-bfb0-03694dab0bd2.png/c323525480481e940c6b95eced100afa1b3c23ef2af4431df592b0e492de2211/c_limit,f_jpg,h_1200,q_80,w_1200",
        "thumb": "https://d205pfv3qf1itp.cloudfront.net/s3/castupload-com/production/5c5a1832-3ee4-495d-bfb0-03694dab0bd2.png/e63279986f8a8b40f0d1a99bb14c69918a749a34750248578a95ee17fdc58da7/c_fill,f_jpg,g_North,h_190,q_80,w_190"
      },
      "orientation": "landscape",
      "dimensions": [
        365,
        360
      ],
      "main_picture": false,
      "year": 2021,
      "recorded_at": null
    }
  ],
  "external_showreel": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xxxx",

>   "external_showreels": [

Reviewer: what's the difference btw. this and the previous line?

Reviewer 2: `external_showreel` is there for backwards compatibility, see https://github.com/denkungsart/castupload/issues/3318

Reviewer: ok then we should exclude it from the sample

Reviewer 2: That doesn't make sense - we should include everything which is included, I see no point in editing the output?

Reviewer 2: We could document however that this field is deprecated, and one should use `external_showreels` instead.

Reviewer: > we should include everything which is included

It's already incomplete in it's current form (the nested structures anyway). But either is fine with me - the current status is already much better than what we currently have.

Reviewer 2: Sure, but that's just missing and is ok (and in line what an API user would get for the same profile). But if we actively edit the output to remove fields we don't like that's just confusing.

    "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xxxx",
    "https://vimeo.com/xxxx"
  ],
  "showreels": [
    {
      "name": "Showreel 2021",
      "url": "https://www.castupload.com/actors/john-doe/showreels/15",
      "type": "video"
    },
    {
      "name": "Showreel 2020",
      "url": "https://www.castupload.com/actors/john-doe/showreels/16",

>       "type": "video"

Reviewer: Let's include an audioreel here as well

  "twitter_handle": "Castupload",
  "instagram_username": "castupload",
  "filmmakers_url": null,
  "sv_url": null,
  "talent_agency_id": 1,
  "updated_at": "2021-06-22T12:19:32.585+02:00",
  "native_dialect": "rheinisch",
  "place_of_birth": "Darmstadt",
  "city": "Mainz",
  "gender": "m",
  "eye_color": "braun",
  "hair_color": "braun",
  "hair_length": "mittel",
  "ethnic_appearances": [
    "mitteleuropaisch"
  ],
  "figure": "normal",
  "pitch": "bariton",
  "nationalities": [
    "DE"
  ],
  "languages": {
    "deutsch": "muttersprachlich",
    "englisch": "fliessend"
  },
  "dialects": {
    "hessisch": "kann",
    "rheinisch": "kann"
  },
  "accents": {
    "osterreichisch": "kann"
  },
  "instruments": {
    "gitarre": "gut"
  },
  "sports": [
    "buhnenkampf"
  ],
  "dances": {
    "freestyle": "gut"
  },
  "professions": [
    "schauspieler"
  ],
  "singing": {
    "jazz": "grundkenntnisse"
  },
  "drivers_licenses": [
    "pkw-klasse-b-be"
  ],
  "licenses": [
    "fallschirmspringer-lizenz"
  ],
  "country": "DE",
  "state": "DE-RP",
  "pictures": [
    {
      "id": 140,
      "copyright": "Jane Doe",
      "created_at": "2021-06-21T16:18:41.087+02:00",

>       "url": "http://static.castupload.com/development/b6ac24ef-7bbc-4486-bfc9-89fdce3a9fde.png",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      "url": "http://static.castupload.com/production/b6ac24ef-7bbc-4486-bfc9-89fdce3a9fde.png",
```

Replace this everywhere accordingly.

        "large": "https://d205pfv3qf1itp.cloudfront.net/s3/castupload-com/development/b6ac24ef-7bbc-4486-bfc9-89fdce3a9fde.png/755095922e94f912e6691c63f7aef9887d069f13c5dc84b581bbabea6761f7d5/c_limit,f_jpg,h_1200,q_80,w_1200",
        "thumb": "https://d205pfv3qf1itp.cloudfront.net/s3/castupload-com/development/b6ac24ef-7bbc-4486-bfc9-89fdce3a9fde.png/8cbb163eb48e440b5e9715e0c551180817f76c7072fd205df3c320bae08548e8/c_crop,f_jpg,h_370,q_80,w_370,x_0,y_0/c_fill,g_North,h_190,w_190"
      },
      "orientation": "square",
      "dimensions": [
        370,
        370
      ],
      "crop_coordinates": {
        "x": 0,
        "y": 0,
        "w": 500,
        "h": 500
      },
      "main_picture": true,
      "year": 2021,
      "recorded_at": "2020-06-22T11:51:51.363+02:00"
    },
    {
      "id": 141,
      "copyright": "",
      "created_at": "2021-06-21T16:18:47.460+02:00",
      "url": "http://static.castupload.com/development/5c5a1832-3ee4-495d-bfb0-03694dab0bd2.png",
      "versions": {
        "original": "http://static.castupload.com/development/5c5a1832-3ee4-495d-bfb0-03694dab0bd2.png",

>         "large": "https://d205pfv3qf1itp.cloudfront.net/s3/castupload-com/development/5c5a1832-3ee4-495d-bfb0-03694dab0bd2.png/c323525480481e940c6b95eced100afa1b3c23ef2af4431df592b0e492de2211/c_limit,f_jpg,h_1200,q_80,w_1200",

Reviewer: @fschwahn should we add a comment to the docs that all urls for picture versions other than the original version are not deterministic?

Reviewer 2: I don't understand what you mean by non-deterministic. The URLs stay the same when this is run several times.

        "thumb": "https://d205pfv3qf1itp.cloudfront.net/s3/castupload-com/development/5c5a1832-3ee4-495d-bfb0-03694dab0bd2.png/e63279986f8a8b40f0d1a99bb14c69918a749a34750248578a95ee17fdc58da7/c_fill,f_jpg,g_North,h_190,q_80,w_190"
      },
      "orientation": "landscape",
      "dimensions": [
        365,
        360
      ],
      "main_picture": false,
      "year": 2021,
      "recorded_at": null
    }
  ],
  "external_showreel": "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xxxx",
  "external_showreels": [
    "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xxxx",
    "https://vimeo.com/xxxx"
  ],
  "showreels": [
    {
      "name": "Showreel 2021",
      "url": "https://www.castupload.com/actors/john-doe/showreels/15",
      "type": "video"
    },
    {
      "name": "Showreel 2020",
      "url": "https://www.castupload.com/actors/john-doe/showreels/16",
      "type": "video"
    }
  ],
  "vita": {
    "primary_education": [
      {
        "name": "ABC School",
        "year_from": 2012,

>         "id": "Z2lkOi8vY2FzdHVwbG9hZC9BY3RpbmdTY2hvb2w6OkNvbm5lY3Rpb24vMg"

Reviewer: what id is this?

Author: This came from subject "casting_system". I removed all fields where this is checked.

Reviewer: As I wrote before - we should only include information from the "public" facing API (i.e. no admin rights, no casting system subjects).

        "distributor": "",
        "director": "Adolfo Kolmerer",
        "producer": "",
        "caster": ""
      },
      {
        "id": 326,
        "type_genre": "short_film",
        "info": "",
        "name": "The Harmonica ",
        "year_from": 2018,
        "year_to": 2018,
        "role": "Felix",
        "role_type": "leading",
        "distributor": "",
        "director": "",
        "producer": "Deutsche Film- und Fernsehakademie Berlin",
        "caster": ""
      }
    ],
    "television": [
      {
        "id": 330,
        "type_genre": "series",
        "info": "",
        "name": "Mord mit Aussicht",
        "year_from": 2015,
        "year_to": 2016,
        "role": "Robert",
        "role_type": "misc",
        "distributor": "",
        "director": "",
        "producer": "",
        "caster": ""
      }
    ],
    "theatre": [],
    "audio": [],
    "other": [],
    "internet": [],
    "commercial": []
  },
  "claimed": true,
  "selected_categorizations": [
    "film_actor"
  ],
  "locale": "de",
  "email": null,
  "phone": null,
  "role_types": [
    "film",
    "serials",
    "theatre"
  ],
  "available_as_scene_partner": false,

>   "cached_complete": false,

Reviewer: this example should not contain any internal (i.e. admin) specific attributes, please remove all of them.

        "name": "123 School",
        "year_from": 2013,
        "year_to": 2014
      }
    ],
    "film": [
      {
        "info": "",
        "name": "Schneeflöckchen",
        "year_from": 2019,
        "year_to": 2020,
        "role": "Jack",
        "role_type": "supporting",
        "distributor": "",
        "director": "Adolfo Kolmerer",
        "producer": "",
        "caster": ""
      },
      {
        "info": "",
        "name": "The Harmonica ",
        "year_from": 2018,
        "year_to": 2018,
        "role": "Felix",
        "role_type": "leading",
        "distributor": "",
        "director": "",
        "producer": "Deutsche Film- und Fernsehakademie Berlin",
        "caster": ""
      }
    ],
    "television": [
      {
        "info": "",
        "name": "Mord mit Aussicht",
        "year_from": 2015,
        "year_to": 2016,
        "role": "Robert",
        "role_type": "misc",
        "distributor": "",
        "director": "",
        "producer": "",
        "caster": ""
      }
    ],
    "theatre": [],
    "audio": [],
    "other": [],
    "internet": [],
    "commercial": []
  }
}
```

This endpoint retrieves a specific actor profile.

#### Notes:

> - It is not guaranteed that the example above is complete. Additional fields may be added without notice.

Reviewer: This may or may not be shown "above" (depending on the device) so let's keep this generic to not confuse unnecessarily.

```suggestion
- It is not guaranteed that the exemplary JSON structure shown is complete. Additional fields may be added without notice.
```
